Alertmanager: Add state size limit (#9475)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/manage/mimir-runbooks/_index.md

This error only occurs when an administrator has explicitly define a blocked list for a given tenant. After assessing whether or not the reason for blocking one or multiple queries you can update the tenant's limits and remove the pattern.

### err-mimir-alertmanager-max-grafana-config-size

> This non-critical error occurs when the Alertmanager receives a set configuration request that contains a configuration which exceeds the configured size limit.
> The limit protects the system’s stability from potential abuse or mistakes. To configure the limit on a per-tenant basis, use the `alertmanager.max-grafana-config-size-bytes` option.

Reviewer: Suggestion:
```suggestion
This non-critical error occurs when the Alertmanager receives a Grafana Alertmanager configuration larger than the configured size limit.
The limit protects the system’s stability from potential abuse or mistakes. To configure the limit on a per-tenant basis, use the `alertmanager.max-grafana-config-size-bytes` option.
```

### err-mimir-alertmanager-max-grafana-state-size

> This non-critical error occurs when the Alertmanager receives a set state request that contains a state which exceeds the configured size limit.
> The limit protects the system’s stability from potential abuse or mistakes. To configure the limit on a per-tenant basis, use the `alertmanager.max-grafana-state-size-bytes` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This non-critical error occurs when the Alertmanager receives Grafana Alertmanager state larger than the configured size limit.
The limit protects the system’s stability from potential abuse or mistakes. To configure the limit on a per-tenant basis, use the `alertmanager.max-grafana-state-size-bytes` option.
```
